## Overview of Rubixworks - The Intelligent Network

Let see how traditional ERPs work. One company - say Babelworks - manages all its data in its ERP. Its users manage all its data - customers, invoices, vendors, orders, employees, bills, POs etc in the ERP. Its customers - Microworks - and vendors - AccuWorks - however have their own ERPs. So when Babelworks raises an invoice to one of its customers, it send the invoice by email which is then entered into the customer's ERP. The 2 ERPs work in a disconnected manner.

That's where Rubixworks comes in. On Rubixworks, all entities can come together to work in unison. When Babelworks registers Microworks as a customer, Microworks immediately recognizes Babelworks as a vendor. Similarly, when Babelworks registers Accuworks as a vendor, Accuworks recognizes Babelworks as a customer. When Babelworks sends an invoice to Microworks, it immediately registers the invoice.

### A transactional protocol
Think of how emails work. When we send emails from one emailID to another - even though one of them is hosted with Bluehost and the other with GSuite, they use a common protocol like SMTP to understand each other. Similarly Rubixworks uses a TXP - a transaction exchange protocol that understand the type of transactions to allows different entities to seamlessly talk to each other. 

To begin with, this protocol is available ONLY within the Rubixworks network. This allows us to enhance and evolve the protocol to suit all the different transaction exchange packets that need to be supported. Once it stabilizes, the TXP will be made open-source so that any ERP can now implement similar protocols allowing all systems to interact with each other seamlessly.

### Built with AI and cognitive features
This is obviously a simplistic explanation of what Rubixworks has set out to do. The business process around Rubixworks are discussed in detail here. A separate wiki will talk about the technical implementation of the Rubixworks platform.

One of the key objectives of Rubixworks is to ensure that the platform can easily be supported by strong AI capabilities. Conversation Bots, Document recognition, Entity recognition, Speech-to-text and Text-to-Speech capabilities are being planned upfront. With all this in the plans, Rubixworks is targetted to be "The Intelligent Network" that enables a 2-phase transaction across entities.

### Mimics real life

Many software systems need users to undergo a lot of training. However very rarely do
<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbLTUzMDUyMzI5MSwxMjc0MzM3NjRdfQ==
-->