## Rubix Pods

Many folks just start an enterprise and in their early stages, they dont differentiate between their personal lives and that of their business. This can lead to a lot of complications later.  Many a time, people are not even sure they want to start a business/enterprise. A large population is employed, though the number of self-employed folks is increasing. We believe that there will be 3 category of workers - employed, self-employed and management. While management is also technically employed, they hold greater responsbility and accountability.

### Rubix Networks
Rubixworks allows everyone to create an account and use it with both their personal and offical networks. This makes their life easier as they can track their family schedules and their work calendars and take a balanced decision on planning their life. Rubixworks offers a host of pods for personal use like
 1. Rubix Social - where you can connect and interact with friends and contacts
 2. Rubix Planner - where you can organize your tasks and schedules
 3. Rubix Money - where you can plan your personal finances and track your bills and payments.
 4. Rubix Education - where you can interact with your kids schools and other classes (sports, music, tutions etc)
 5. Rubix Academy - where you can learn online from a variety of courses.

Rubixworks also offers a host of professional pods that include
 1. Rubix Marketing - where you can manage your out reach and lead generation
 2. Rubix Sales - where you track leads that convert into deals and track recievables.
 3. Rubix Purchases - where you can manage vendors and track orders and payables.
 4. Rubix Payroll - wher you can track and manage salaries and adjustments for employees
 5. Rubix Accounting - where you can manage your books and taxes

and so on. The concept of networks allows a person to start with a personal network, but also participate in multiple networks like their "corporate" network, 
<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbMTA4MTQ0NjczOV19
-->