## Work-Life and a balance

Many folks just start an enterprise and in their early stages, they dont differentiate between their personal lives and that of their business. This can lead to a lot of complications later.  Many a time, people are not even sure they want to start a business/enterprise. A large population is employed, though the number of self-employed folks is increasing. We believe that there will be 3 category of workers - employed, self-employed and management. While management is also technically employed, they hold greater responsbility and accountability.

### Rubix Personal
The first thing that Rubixworks does is allow everyone to create a personal account and use if for both their personal needs as well as official needs. This makes their life easier as they can track their family schedules and their work calendars and take a balance decision on planning their life. Rubixworks offers a host of pods for personal use like

 1. Rubix Social - where you can connect and interact with friends and contacts
 2. Rubix Planner - where you can organize your tasks and schedules
 3. Rubix Money - where you can plan your personal finances and track your bills and payments.
 4. Rubix Education - where you can interact with your kids schools and other classes (sports, music, tutions etc)
 5. Rubix Academy - where you can learn online from a variety of courses.

### Rubix Professional
Rubixworks also offers a host of professional pods. 

On a side note : We are firm believers in the concept of minimal-wage. All folks are



<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbMTQ1ODMwODg3M119
-->