## Overview of Rubixworks - The Intelligent Network

Let see how traditional ERPs work. One company - say Babelworks - manages all its data in its ERP. Its users manage all its data - customers, invoices, vendors, orders, employees, bills, POs etc in the ERP. Its customers - Microworks - and vendors - AccuWorks - however have their own ERPs. So when Babelworks raises an invoice to one of its customers, it send the invoice by email which is then entered into the customer's ERP. The 2 ERPs work in a disconnected manner.

That's where Rubixworks comes in. On Rubixworks, all entities can come together to work in unison. When Babelworks registers Microworks as a customer, Microworks immediately recognizes Babelworks as a vendor. Similarly, when Babelworks registers Accuworks as a vendor, Accuworks recognizes Babelworks as a customer. When Babelworks sends an invoice to Microworks, it immediately registers the invoice.

### Common Vocabulary
Think of how emails work. When we send emails from one emailID to another - even though one of them is hosted with Bluehost and the other with GSuite, they use a common protocol like SMTP to understand each other. Similarly Rubixworks uses a TXP - a transaction exchange protocol that understand the type of transactions to allows different entities to seamlessly talk to each other. 

To begin with, this protocol is available ONLY within the Rubixworks network. This allows us to enhance and evolve the protocol to suit all the different transaction exchange packets that need to be supported. Once it stabilizes, the TXP will be made open-source so that any ERP can now implement similar protocols allowing all systems to interact with each other seamlessly.

### Context Driven
Many software systems need users to undergo a lot of training. However very rarely do applications like microsoft office, gmail, whatsapp or facebook need any user training. This is because these applications behave in a common accepted way and are intuitive.

Rubixworks is also meant to mimic how we operate in the real world. In the real world, our mind understands different contexts. At home when our spouse says that they met John, we know its a close friend. But when at work, the boss says that John has not handed in his report, we know its John from sales.

Rubixworks allows us to create networks and spaces. A network is a context that we belong to. A space is a context that we are visiting. So for an employee of Walmart, they can switch to the Walmart network. When a customer walks into Walmart, they can visit the Walmart space. The network and the space have pods - or applications. Most pods have a 2-way interaction. When a customer 'buys' something, the store personnel 'sells' the item. So pretty much most pods have 2 views and there are people on both sides of the view for the same transaction.

As we extend the example, it sounds intuitive. When we register a customer, we become their vendor. When we add an employee, we become their employer. When we process payroll, the employee recieves their salary. So on Rubixworks most pods have 2 views assoiated with them.

### AI Ready
One of the key objectives of Rubixworks is to ensure that the platform can easily be supported by strong AI capabilities. Conversation Bots, Document recognition, Entity recognition, Speech-to-text and Text-to-Speech capabilities are being planned upfront. 

AI features on Rubixworks are meant to 'step-in' for one side of the 2-way transaction support of most pods. So think of all the AI capabilities as a bridge

User 1 <---> User 2 is replaced by
User 1 <----> AI Bot 1 <---------> AI Bot 2 <----> User 2

With all this in the plans, Rubixworks is targetted to be "The Intelligent Network" that enables a 2-way transaction across entities.

This is obviously a simplistic explanation of what Rubixworks has set out to do. The business process around Rubixworks are discussed in detail here. A separate wiki will talk about the technical implementation of the Rubixworks platform.


<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbLTEwNzE3Nzg0NjVdfQ==
-->