## The Rubixworks platform

Anytime we set out to build a platform, we need a lot of plumbing before we get to the interesting parts. Tech savvy founders can spend years just putting together the foundation. Business focussed founders would like to skip this part and get onto delivering features. In reality a balance between the 2 approaches helps a strong foundation and also deliver fetures faster to the market.

### The development approach.
This is the approach that I advocate to teams. For simplicity - assume that we will give out a feature rich release every 3 quarter. Within this, assume that you will do a weekly release to production. In order to do this, plan for a daily rolling release to testing --> to beta customers --> to all customers.

Now, think that whatever you wanted to deliver this quarter, is DONE. Now see from the eyes of your customer - what is the first thing that they would do to use your platform. THAT is the first thing you have to enable. All the background features/modules required for that will also need to be put in place. This makes the process of prioritization easier. Now lets follow the same approach for Rubixworks.

### Rubixworks - Q1.
The first thing that we want users to do on Rubixworks includes the following
 - Visit the Rubixworks site and get some useful information (that makes them interested registering with Rubixworks).
 - Register and login to Rubixworks and manage their profile and preferences.
 - Get some useful features for free that makes the users come back to rubixworks frequently.

So lets break this down some more. What features/content on the rubixworks site will be useful? What features/content inside the portal will be useful? 

One of the things that everyone is facing is an overload of information. News sites, blogs, youtube, whatsapp, instagram, sms(!), iMessage, emails, pho

### Rubix Networks
Rubixworks allows everyone to create an account and use it with both their personal and offical networks. This makes their life easier as they can track their family schedules and their work calendars and take a balanced decision on planning their life. 

### Rubix Pods
Rubixworks offers a host of pods for personal and professional use. These include
 1. Rubix Social - where you can connect and interact with friends and contacts
 2. Rubix Planner - where you can organize your tasks and schedules
 3. Rubix Finance - where you can plan your personal finances and track your bills and payments.
 4. Rubix Education - where you can interact with your kids schools and other classes (sports, music, tutions etc)
 5. Rubix Academy - where you can learn online from a variety of courses.
 1. Rubix Marketing - where you can manage your out reach and lead generation
 2. Rubix Sales - where you track leads that convert into deals and track recievables.
 3. Rubix Purchases - where you can manage vendors and track orders and payables.
 4. Rubix Payroll - wher you can track and manage salaries and adjustments for employees
 5. Rubix Accounting - where you can manage your books and taxes

and so on. The concept of networks allows a person to start with a personal network, but also participate in multiple networks like their "corporate" network, a club or other networks that they are part of.
[Keep in mind that a pod can be used either in a personal network or a professional one. However, their behavior will be different based on the network type. For eg. The accounting and finance apps will behave differently for personal and professional networks]

<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbLTE4NDA3MzAxNjQsLTE3MzYyODI5NzBdfQ
==
-->