## Getting into a fitness routine

This is a common adage that everyone refers to. But most folks (self included) realize this only when our body starts feeling the pangs of health. A few have put in an early age practive of being healthy - eating right, staying fit, exercising etc. Those who play sports or need to keep fit as part of their careers - coaches, actors, pilots etc - have a structure that ensures they remain as fit as possible. For the rest of us - it is always an after thought.

### Dont be too ambitious
Personally, I have always been lazy and have never been at my fittest best. But as I approach the age of 50(!), my body is sending signs that I need to be more careful about my health. In the past - as my [#GetFit2020](https://twitter.com/srivatsapraveen/status/1243238959875887104) tweet suggests, I have made the mistake of being overly ambitious of my fitness goals (a goal that I obviously did not hit anywhere close to).

### Exercise
Like with anything else, the first target is to get back into a basic fitness routine. Walking and yoga are more than enough to begin with. I do find walking a bit boring, but I need to find a way to make it a regular routine. (TED Talks during walking might help!!). A 15 min yoga routine twice a day should suffice - and even then just focussing on SuryaNamaskar - the complete exercise is good enough for now.

### Eat Right & Hydrate
Many a times, I have tried to diet - and it has never worked for me. A simpler process is just to eat right. Eating right is one of the simplest and most effecctive ways to maintain our health. The other problem I've always had is drinking very less water. For those who dont realize this - drinking less water causes us to eat more - as the body cannot easily differentiate between thirst and hunger. This causes a lot of other dietary complications. That's why every health advice usually begins with - drink more water, sleep enough and then.....

### Breathe
 This sounds a bit fully - don't we always breathe. But do we breathe right/enough? Pranayama and Sudarshan Kriya talk about the benefit of breathing right. Thinking back it makes sense - we can stay for a few mins without air, a few hours without water, a few days without food. So if we take care of our breathing, hydrate and eat right - it sets a good foundation for our health. All other things like exercise, fitness etc will build upon this foundation.

Breathe, hydrate, eat right and exercise your way to a healthy life.
<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbNjI1NjA4NzI1XX0=
-->